---
ID: 614
post_title: >
  Weekly Picks for the Week of March 2,
  2015
author: Jerome Koehler
post_date: 2015-03-02 09:11:53
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://macuser.pro/?p=614
published: false
video_url:
  - ""
audio_url:
  - ""
quote_content:
  - ""
quote_attribution:
  - ""
link_url:
  - ""
link_title:
  - ""
---
Every week, we pick the most notable apps, hardware, podcasts or what ever else we’ve encountered and think you should know of. This post will also be updated regularly throughout the week as we find more amazing stuff. So check back every now and then to learn about our latest findings.

We’d also like to know your opinions about our picks and/or your picks this week. Please leave a comment below to chime in.

# Picks
## Jerome 
### [Logitech K760 Bluetooth Keyboard][1]
The keyboard is one of the most important tools a professional Apple user utilizes on a daily basis.  It doesn't matter if it is digital or if it is an old-school mechanical keyboard, you will have to make use of this input device sometime during your day as I doubt you are using Siri to fully control your digital life.  Since I personally spend a lot of time in front of a keyboard at the office and while I travel, I like a keyboard that is easy to fit into my backpack and isn't too bulky.  Cables are also a hindrance, since I constantly am on the go, so bluetooth is a must for my keyboard.  Lastly, I really do forgot to charge my keyboard sometimes so an alternative way to power the keyboard is an awesome perk.  Enter my pick of the week, the [Logitech K760 Bluetooth Keyboard][1]:  A bluetooth (up to three different bluetooth devices can be synced to it at a time), solar energy powered, lightweight, keyboard that is very affordable for all of the features it has.  At around $79 (I paid much more for this when it was first released), this keyboard fills many of my requirements while looking sleek!  As mentioned before, I love the fact that ambient light in my apartment  or in a coffee shop is enough to keep the keyboard going with enough juice so it doesn't conk out while I am finishing an article or sending  an email.  Since I own both a Mac and an iOS device, being able to seamlessly switch between them on my keyboard through a simple button combination I don't have to worry about unpairing and repairing my keyboard.  If you are into silent keyboards, this keyboard's chiclet style buttons are quiet while still remaining responsive.  This keyboard might have been out for a while now yet it is one of my most used gadgets and remains one of my top picks.  Enjoy!

***

## Patrice
### [Crashplan][cp]

There are quite a few backup solutions out there and it doesn't really matter which one you prefer. The important part is, that everyone should have at least one off-site backup for those cases when your on-site drive gets stolen (or is destroyed somehow). 

My weapon of choice is [Crashplan][cp]. Despite its really ugly Java client for the Mac (seriously guys???) and lacking capabilities in the nerd department (no script access), it's a really fast and rock-solid backup service. I've never once had issues with it, not even while running one of the many OS X betas I've used over the years. It's just doing its job and you barely notice it.

One of the features I personally like is the ability to not only add my own encryption keys but also select arbitrary (or multiple) backup destinations. Want to store a backup for a particular folder on your own folder? Sure. Want to also store it on your mom's Mac? Why not?

[Crashplan][cp] offers unlimited backups for your Mac (or Linux/Windows PC) for a low price. The basic account is free and allows you to store encrypted backups on your own servers/PCs. In order to store backups on Crashplan's servers (and get access to additional features) you need a license for each device you want to backup. A single PC/Mac can be added for $5.99/month, or you can add up to 10 devices for $13.99/month.

[1]:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007VL8Y2C/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=390957&creativeASIN=B007VL8Y2C&linkCode=as2&tag=wwwjeromekoeh-20&linkId=FPWJUECEMSFVILMZ "amazon affiliate link for the k760"
[cp]: http://www.jdoqocy.com/click-7754455-11645445-1390597600000